## Mobile developer

We as mobile developers are full stack developers. We just don't get to use the amount of resources as other stacks. We are limited by bandwidth on the radio, storage on the device, and local memory as well. These are not the platforms that inefficiencies can be permitted/forgiven easily. The app store and market is a tough place to engage users, the users have a high bar of expectancy and low tolerance for error and lower attention span. They have downloaded your application to performa task. Help them finish it quickly, they are impatient and do not have a high tolerance for an application that makes them feel dumb. They know what they want to do in your application don't cloud it with so many features that they cannot make a decision or have to search through trial and error to complete a task. Make your application intuitive. It is the simplest and hardest thing to do for the success of the application.

In general your end users want you to have an amazing application. Letting them down will be detrimental to the attitude the user has about your application. Think about when you are looking through app stores and you find an application you think looks great and could be useful to you. Think about how many times you have been delighted by and application. It works smoothly, it has zero lag, you did not have to wait for the world to load and it completed your task quickly and was simple to use. You did not have to hunt for how the application worked and this made you trust that it was going to work and work well. It did, it completed the tasks that you wanted done and you got all you expected out of it. Now, think about the other applications that you have downloaded and it did not work like this. It was slow to load, it has more options than you know what to do with. It keeps interrupting the task that you want to perform with promotions that you are not interested in or permissions that you are not sure that the application needs to accomplish what you would like to do. The noise of all the other operations that the app does gets in the way of what I would like to do.

Starbucks, why is there a news feed in Starbucks app? News about coffee. Great. when I open the Starbucks app I know exactly what I want, coffee I know what I like and there are about three or four variations that I will venture too. I don't give two wet shits what seasonal bullshit you are selling. I'm going to pay you for expediency and coffee, you can fuck all the way off for the rest. I'm not interested. I want to pick coffee, pick store, pay and lastly pick up coffee upon my arrival to your store and leave as quickly as possible. Why must you insist upon being a pushy sales and marketing asshole with the application trying to do other shit than that? It's a rhetorical question, I know why. You are a shit head that can not get enough, looking for ways to make money other than the prearranged and unspoken agreement. I want coffee you sell coffee. I have money that I am willing to trade for coffee. Now that you know that I have money to send on coffee, you want to know what else I'm willing to spend said money on. So you are launching these electronic campaigns to test the boarders of my patience and subconscious for ways to separate me from my earnings on shit that I don't really need. The masses are not awake to this or they are bombarded so much by this disgusting capitalist behavior that they are numb to it.

I say Stop. Stop it. This is not helping out communities nor the people that you are claiming to help. Poorly constructed ideals executed with malicious intents are worsting the situation.



Are you a craftsman? Are you a journeyman? Are up a master craftsman?
